so that we can keep you informed as
possible and then move on with our tough
opponent hold cross so as you see in a
statement we are you know this is thing
that took a long time to to make this
decision at to make this decision
because of the fact that he's worked in
rehabbed and done so much all the way
back from august but when the issue came
up again with the condition in the set
in the last couple weeks we met with a
lot of people and Mitch decided it's
best interest for the long-term health
it is to go ahead and have surgery so
surgery will I'm not a doctor i don't
know how long it takes but it rained out
is out indefinitely that may be the end
of the season we do not know it depends
a lot on the surgery and we will start
off with the questions use the
microphone rather than you have it first
don't bitch first don't just give you
kind of explain to you said here in the
statement that over the last two weeks
it became clear that supplements wrong
which is there may be a reason injury or
like like what kind of turned it from
you feel okay to where you are now you
know i'll just try to rehab through
others plus six months it was just
kind of a play playthrough guess it was
just like the less us strikes that wear
and tear my daughter's decision in
surgery I think anybody's head of bad
back sometimes you can be picking up a
digital macaroni salad and it could end
up getting your back to be bad so we're
not sure I do kill he he really ran into
the basket one time really hard and went
down and got back up and play and that
was that deal it enough but that could
have been affected had third surgery
just to require as the surgery been
performers is something is there a
timeline for that at all next week maybe
Faison said released a problem since
late august and it was just something
that sort of gradually noticed or you
hurt yourself and you don't see them
yeah i did know the start of season as a
difficult time i got i just gotta enjoy
myself during the preseason which is
trying to rehab all the time or to play
with the team
they'd agree we've also heard about a
few other injuries besides your back in
those are exasperated some of the
problems with your back with your ankle
and severe contusion yeah a little bit i
think justice just all added up and so a
little bit overwhelming just because i
have wasn't back in the shape that i
wanted to be in the hard question but
given the decision that you made last
year to come back to be here now if this
is something that weighs on you now how
do you do that which are out there well
come i like to come back in school and
with where we got that time when the
time comes we'll get to figure that out
right now i just really want to get
focused on getting the surgery and get
back out the getting out of
entertainment anymore so there were no
regrets know if you can even kind of
just describe exactly how when you say
you were playing injured just how
eliminated you really do know just some
of the movements i couldn't really get
up on the floor like I wanted to
shade and we'd help on Team I feel like
I need to be tremendous shade it's got
another day Sun boy in consulting with
the doctors were their past examples
about as far as timetable maybe they
performed a similar operation when they
said someone so it was out so long have
you guys got any more I you know I
really am I've done research and stuff
but you know it's kind of personal and
whatnot I really don't know the
timetable but right now I just want to
help you but so any further questions
from itch
these are something to specifically call
this injury you know I just got the
lower back condition about as much as i
could say right now it's kind of a
personal 14 seconds that it did doctor
say or did you feel like you potentially
couldn't play you know being dissed be
uncomfortable for the rest of the year
and then do this later or did this
happen now yeah I could have a lot of
pain and spell this was too much too
much stress in my body from maybe harm
and even more obvious is shaking you up
a little bit have to tell the team
coaching staff at all what was that like
I difficult because I'm really go out
there love these guys on my team or our
brothers want to go out there and play
with him on the court and it's difficult
just to sit there watch going to get
back hopefully charity mark a midget
obviously really tough decision or some
of the pros and cons weighing as you as
you started 10 free city I definitely
don't want to injure my body more than
more than a needs to be so that was
something going to do it because every
distressed a long time and tried to play
through it but overawed just just wanted
to get it over with and kind of move it
get in the past and work from
understanding it anything final until
one more in terms of the rehab process
at Cal I guess after the surgery does
occur you know how long are you do you
think you'll be having people running or
things like that what we're thinking you
know I really just like to take it easy
to try to get back in shape but I really
don't want to risk reentering it again
so i think i'm going to be cautious on
certain things that i do to get a
homicide
coaches available guy Brennan